---
layout: post
tags: lists mummy lifehacking
date: 2017-12-13
thumbnail:
title: 10 Things Successful People Do To Start Their Day Successfully
published: true
---

1. GET UP EARLY. The morning hours are when everyone is most productive, and
you'll feel better about yourself and have more energy if you set an alarm
and get up right away rather than lounging around in bed.

2. TAKE A COLD SHOWER. Most corner office dwellers take cold showers first thing in the morning.
It wakes you up, boosts the immune system, and it makes you appreciate how enjoyable the
world is when you're not subjecting yourself to a hellish fountain of frigid pain. And of course you get
to smugly tell people you take cold showers, and maybe save like $5 a month on your power bill.

3. GET PLENTY OF PROTEIN. Start your day off right with some energy-giving protein. Most
successful people eat at least one or two eggs for breakfast. Don't stop there -- many experts in the dairy industry recommend eating four or five eggs and drinking a pint of milk to start your day off right.

4. MEDITATE. Most successful, productive people spend some of their valuable minutes
each morning in restful mindfulness, nourishing positive thoughts of spiritual (but not religious) gratitude for how great they are. A little known fact is you can meditate without getting out of bed ("supine mindfulness")! Sometimes you will even experience visions while engaging in supine mindfulness.

5. WORK OUT. Many successful people work out because they want to be stronger and better-looking than other successful people. This is a good and healthy reason for doing something, and a need that can definitely be satiated if only you try hard enough.

6. CHECK THE NEWS. If you start your morning off with a news round-up, you will
feel well informed and prepared to take on the day, and you will have an edge over those poor suckers who remain blissfully unaware of a multitude
of pending catastrophes that humanity will be able to escape only through let's face it divine intervention or sheer dumb luck.

7. DON'T CHECK THE NEWS. EVER. We hope you learned your lesson on this one. Sorry we had to do it like that.

8. ALWAYS LEAVE A NOTE. Somebody's going to lose an arm if you don't.

9. WRITE AN ANGRY EMAIL, AND THEN SEND IT RIGHT AWAY. It will make you feel good and never come back to haunt you. Emails have never came back to haunt anybody. Nope.

10. DON'T TRUST SOMEONE ELSE'S STUPID LIFEHACKING LIST. Anybody who tells you you're doing it wrong just because you're not doing it the same way they're doing it can go pound sand.
